>> The 2015 ImageNet winner was a network
from Microsoft Research called ResNet.
ResNet claim to fame is that it has a
massive 152 layers. For contrast, AlexNet
has eight layers, VGG has 19 layers,
and GoogLeNet has 22 layers.
>> ResNet is kinda like VGG and that the same
structure is repeated again and again
for layer after layer. The main idea was
to add connections to the neural network
that skip layers. So that very deep
neural networks could practically be
trained. ResNet achieves a loss of only
three percent on ImageNet which is
actually better than normal human
accuracy.
>> Now that you've learned about VGG
GoogLeNet and ResNet, we'd like you to get
your hands dirty. In the next assignment
you load each of these networks and
benchmark their performance.